{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.15063}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 1)what does spring boot mean?\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Spring Boot is a Spring module which provides RAD (Rapid Application Development) feature to Spring framework.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 It is used to create stand alone spring based application that you can just run because it needs very little spring configuration) What does Spring Boot mean?\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
2) What are the various Advantages Of Using Spring Boot?\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Helps you to create a stand-alone application, which can be started using java.jar.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}It offers pinpointed\lquote started' POMs to Maven configuration.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Allows you to Embed Undertow, Tomcat, or Jetty directly.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Helps you to configure spring whenever possible automatically.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 3) What are the various features of Spring Boot?\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Starter dependency\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Auto-configuration\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Spring initializer\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 4) What is the reason to have a spring-boot-maven module?\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 it provides a built-in dependency resolver that sets the version number to match Spring Boot dependencies.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}it searches for the main method to flag as a runnable class.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 5) How to make Spring Boot venture utilizing Spring Initializer?\par
he Spring Initializer is a web application that can produce a Spring Boot project structure for you. It doesn\rquote t create any application code. However, it will give you an essential project structure and either a Maven or a Gradle build specification to fabricate your code with. You should simply compose the application code.\par
\par
Spring Initializer can be utilized a few different ways, including:\par
\par
An online interface.\par
Via Spring Tool Suite.\par
Using the Spring Boot CLI.he Spring Initializer is a web application that can produce a Spring Boot project structure for you. It doesn\rquote t create any application code. However, it will give you an essential project structure and either a Maven or a Gradle build specification to fabricate your code with. You should simply compose the application code.\par
\par
Spring Initializer can be utilized a few different ways, including:\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 An online interface.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Via Spring Tool Suite.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Using the Spring Boot CLI.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 6) What do Dev Tools in Spring boot mean?\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj Spring boot accompanies Dev Tools, which is acquainted with increase the profitability of designer. You don\rquote t have to redeploy your application each time you influence the changes. The developer can reload the progressions without restart of the server. It maintains a strategic distance from the agony of redeploying application each time when you roll out any improvement. This module will can\rquote t be utilized in a production environment.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 7) What does Spring Boot Starter Pom mean? Why Is It Useful?\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj Starters are an arrangement of advantageous reliance descriptors that you can incorporate into your application. The starters contain a considerable amount of the dependencies that you have to get a task up and running rapidly and with a steady, supported a set of managed transitive conditions.\par
\par
The starter POMs are helpful reliance descriptors that can be added to your application\rquote s Maven. In another word, if you are building up a project that utilizes Spring Batch for batch preparing, you need to incorporate spring-boot-starter-bunch that will import all the required conditions for the Spring Batch application. This decreases the burden of looking at and designing all of the conditions required for a structure.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 8) What does Actuator in Spring Boot mean?\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj Spring Boot Actuator is a sub-task of Spring Boot. It adds a few creation review administrations to your application with little exertion on your part. There are also has numerous features added to your application out-of-the-case for dealing with the administration in a production (or other) condition. They\rquote re basically used to uncover diverse kinds of data about the running application \f1\endash  health, measurements, information, dump, env and so on\f0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 9) What Is the Configuration File Name Used By Spring Boot?\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj The configuration record utilized as a part of spring boot ventures is an application. Properties. This record is imperative where we would overwrite all the default designs. Regularly we need to hold this document under the assets envelope of the project.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 10) Why in spring boot \ldblquote Opinionated \rdblquote  is used?\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj It takes after "Opinionated Defaults Configuration" Approach to lessen Developer exertion. Because of the Opinionated perspective of spring boot, what is required to begin yet additionally we can get out if not appropriate for the application. Spring Boot utilizes sensible defaults, \ldblquote opinions,\rdblquote  for the most part in light of the classpath substance.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 11) What are esteem properties of Spring Boot?\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj Spring Boot gives different properties, which can be indicated in our project\rquote s application. Properties record. These properties have default values, and you can set that inside the properties record. Properties are utilized to set qualities like a server-port number, database association configuration and much more.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 12) What Is the Configuration File Name, which is used By Spring Boot?\par
\tab\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj The configuration file name, which is utilized as a part of spring boot projects is application.properties. This document is very important where we would overwrite all the default setups. Ordinarily, we need to hold this document under the assets folder of the project.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 13) Would we be able to Use Spring Boot with Applications Which Are Not Using Spring?\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj No, it isn\rquote t conceivable starting at now. Spring boot is restricted to Spring applications only.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 14) What Is Name Of The Configuration File, Which You Use In Spring Boot?\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Configuration file name which is utilized as a part of Spring boot ventures is known as application. Properties. It is vital to document as it is utilized to abrogate all default configurations.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 15) How Might You Implement Spring Security In Spring Boot Application?\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj Usage of spring security in Spring boot application requires quite a little configuration. You have to include spring-boot-starter-security starter in pom.xml. You need to make spring config class, which will expand WebSecurity Configure Adapter and override expected strategy to accomplish security in Spring boot application.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 16) Would you be able to Control Logging with Spring Boot? How?\par
\tab Yes, we can control logging with spring boot.\par
17) Differentiate Between An Embedded Container And A War?\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 There is no force to go containerless\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 The embedded container is only one component of Spring Boot\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Traditional WAR additionally benefits a considerable measure from Spring Boot\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Automatic Spring MVC setup, including Dispatcher Servlet\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Sensible defaults in light of the class-path content\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The embedded container can be utilized during improvement.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 18) What does Spring Security mean?\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj Spring Security is a groundbreaking and very adjustable authentication and access-control structure. It is the true standard for securing Spring-based applications. Spring Security is a system that spotlights on giving both authentication and approval to Java applications. Like all spring ventures, the genuine power of Spring Security is found in how effectively it can be reached out to meet custom prerequisites.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 19) What does Aspect-Oriented Programming (AOP) mean?\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj Aspect Oriented Programming (AOP) supplements Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) by giving another mindset about program structure. The key unit of measured quality in OOP is the class, while in AOP the unit of particularity is the viewpoint. Angles empower the modularization of concerns, for example, transaction management that cut over numerous sorts and questions.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 20) Describe some of the spring sub-projects briefly?\par
\tab Various spring sub-projects are as follows:\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj JDBC: this module empowers a JDBC-deliberation layer that evaluates the need to do JDBC coding for particular vendor databases\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Read Best JDBC Interview Questions\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Core: a key module that gives basic parts of the system, as IoC or DI\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Web: a web-situated joining module, giving multipart document upload, listeners members, and web-arranged application context functionalities\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}ORM integration: gives mix layers to well-known protest object-relational mapping APIs, for example, JPA, JDO, and Hibernate\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}AOP module: perspective oriented programming execution is permitting the meaning of clean strategy interceptors and pointcuts.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 MVC system: a web module executing the Model View Controller configuration design\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 21) Explain the difference between JPA and Hibernate?\par
\tab JPA is a specification/Interface whereas Hibernate is one of the JPA \tab implementations.\par
22) How to connect to an external database like MSSQL or oracle with Spring boot?\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\tab It is done in the following steps.\par
\par
Step 1 -\par
\par
The first step to connect the database like Oracle or MySql is adding the dependency for your database connector to pom.xml.\par
\par
Step 2 -\par
\par
The next step is the elimination of H2 Dependency from pom.xml\par
\par
Step 3 -\par
\par
Step 3 includes the schema and table to establish your database.\par
\par
Step 4 -\par
\par
The next step is configuring of the database by using Configure application.properties to connect to your database.\par
\par
Step 5-\par
\par
And the last step is to restart your device and your connection is ready to use.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 23) How to add custom JS code in Spring Boot?\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\tab src/main/resources/static is the suggested folder for static content in Spring boot.\par
\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1 You can create a JS file for sending an alert by creating a custom file named custom.js in /src/main/resources/static/js/ directory with below code\par
\par
alert("I'm active");\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 24) List minimum requirements for Spring boot System?\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1 Spring Boot 1.5.10. RELEASE requires\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1440\sl240\slmult1 Java 7 +\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Spring 4.3.13 +\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1 For build support\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1440\sl240\slmult1 Maven 3.2+\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Gradle 2.9+\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\par
Container Support\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1440\sl240\slmult1 Tomcat 7+\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Jetty 8+ (Jetty 9.3 requires JDK 8 +)\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par
\par
25) What is Auto Configuration in Spring boot?\par
\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\tab Autoconfiguration is way in Spring Boot to configure a spring application automatically on the basis of dependencies that are present on the classpath. It makes development easier and faster.\par
\par
You can create a custom configuration for a MySQL data source in spring boot as\par
\par
@Configuration \par
public class MySQLAutoconfiguration \{\par
 \par
//... \par
\par
\}\par
}
 